our problems are weird we need to stop
dying in weird ways you know this is
weird that's weird
well we are four games in the Upstate
upset day at the NA LCS week four I've
gotten four upsets so far hopefully
stunts won't be upset that I said that
anyway I'm joined right now by stunt
with coverage presented by Omni slash
talked a little bit about their big win
over 100 thieves so first off do you
think it's fair to categorize that game
as an upset
yeah I would say it was an upset
considering how we play it in the first
two weeks but I think we're just gonna
go uphill from here yes well obviously
big news is you guys have a full roster
everything you always wanted right now
unfortunately it's four weeks in instead
of you know the first week but how's it
been in scrims
what do you think of you know is this is
this everything you've solved it it's
good you guys are now number one in na
LCS yeah so we definitely would have
wished that flight earlier because
losing can take a toll and everybody's
kind of mentality and so everybody's
feeling down by the time flag got here
so he was kind of coming into like a
huge mess and when we were training with
him in Korea we were actually doing
pretty well like like really well
actually
and then after not playing with him for
like a month it re acclimatizing is that
a word we climate rising to him took a
while and so our screams didn't go too
well but I think winning screams is kind
of a trap anyways yeah like apparently
c9 was losing screens today and they won
today and we were losing this week and
we fun too so it's really just the
inverse I was gonna say right is that
like maybe that is the case when you
spend a whole week losing you identify
your problems when you're winning it's
probably hard to grow from that right
yeah yeah yeah I can do that alright so
but how do you where do you think this
new fly quest is in the standings like
let's say just Power Rankings from today
where would you put yourself so I think
best of ones does matter and I think in
the best of one we could take games off
most people by still think like c9 and
TSM and stuff
are still like playing super well in
scrims and have the chance to be us in
like a best-of-three so we're just
trying to get better and better and
hopefully we get to like top-tier for
him what do you think of the fact that
it has been a day of upsets you know
because I think normally by this point
in time in the LCS we start to see
everything like alright the same guys
filter up to the top and then you can
kind of predict the game a lot easier
today everything went out the window why
do you think that is I think it has a
lot to do with LCS getting a lot better
overall like a lot of the weaker players
got slowly get filtered out over time as
teams have like a lot more money you can
just throw it at all the top players and
create these like super team rosters and
it really comes down to who can mesh
well together and communicate well
because I think everybody has the
individual skill ceiling what do you
think of hundred thieves after you're
matching in some I was watching a lot of
their bods before the match and I was
kind of scared honestly they were
playing like alright well around
objectives and team fighting and I think
we kind of I don't say got lucky but we
definitely got a comp which was easy to
pull off and we pulled it up okay how
long no you've got this roster how and
you said things are still settling
you're still reclaim atty zhing I
believe was the term that used hopefully
it's a word I said it was yeah it looked
bad for both of us if it isn't how long
until you guys hit that level of peak
performance for this team so we kind of
had like a last night we just had this
like complete breakdown meeting where we
were like we suck like what we should
just talk about all of our problems and
try to solve it right now and so we did
and there one that's great we talked for
like a few hours and I think we're like
we can't fix this all right now you know
we should take it one at a time like
what's our biggest problem let's fix
that right now and then I think if we
get go through that list and kind of
conquer each problem I think we'll be
good
very cool have you talked to fly I was
it's gotta be interesting to be fly
right like you get in and like at the
end of your first week of scrims where
you've been losing a ton you you sit
down in a meeting right before your
first game and you're like ever just
like well we suck you know this guy
like can I go back like how does but you
know have you talked to him what is his
his sort of you know feeling on the team
right now so flies personalities kind of
like dgaf he's just like he'll be really
blunt about everything's like we suck
okay and and then if we're having
problems she's just like this is the
problem we don't need to talk any
further he's kind of really funny and
blinded by everything and he's kind of
he likes to take like I think he'd take
it as like a funny side so I think he
doesn't he's in taking it too harshly
and you is it nice to have that I
imagine his perspective is very
different right so maybe he can help
identify things that the rest of team
has in or is is that not really the way
it's playing what phrase he likes to use
a lot is our problems are weird
he's like our problems are weird we need
to stop dying in weird ways you know
this is weird that's weird you know so
maybe not my question is just the weird
- yeah yeah we can be bad you know we're
good well is there anything you want to
say to any of the fans out there thank
you to all my fans for supporting me I
know like it's been a rough first few
weeks and I hope we can pull it together
in the upcoming weeks and shoutouts to
Snickers 5-hour you know for keeping us
energized and you know filled you know
I'm hungry
yeah not hungry you know you're not
yourself when you're hungry so thanks
for watching yeah interesting maybe you
guys did really well on stage today
maybe you were hungry before the game so
actually I changed up my pregame ritual
every time like I'm just like this one's
unlucky that one's on lucky so today I
had Shin ramen and turned to be winning
ritual so I might have it again next
time Shin ramen there you go that's the
third that's the third sponsor you need
thanks so much for the interview really
appreciate for everyone else you can
check out the rest my coverage of all
things course right here on my youtube
channel hello I hope you enjoyed that
interview
brought to you by Omni / did you know
that people who subscribe to this
YouTube channel are more beautiful and
handsome that's a fact
think about it